to me
the best meatballs and delicious with
the best goat cheese sauce and
tomatito onion garlic basil thing more
Exquisite good spaghetti with
meatballs is what we're going to eat the
today this is already ready under
to say the part is ready to pay
now yes we are going to double the average we have
here our colander
we put it
for her and now yes to strain we remove
all the water
also like this back
A) Yes
so
these new ones there are many people who put
still cold water to cut cut the
cooking but really do not
because they serve them later then and with that
nothing like that happens like that so like that so like that
until it's finished a little while ago
they saw but all that mixture 15 of
the meat with the chichas and others I did
balls and safety nothing more for
cure us and only here to the sauce
nothing else then here you are
knowing our meatballs in this
delicious tomato sauce ok
there is that now we are going to do
our delicious pasta as we are going to
do
dish that is for here
let's make binding
h
so
options
with the pasta like I'm going to make it water
and also here on the plate
and so
give a bent there you see good ovation
more beautiful like that
they can throw the pasta on it
in the pot with all the sauce and
combine it completely is she is
and you
she is ready
and the good comes
to visit the salsita that we are going to
perform
I already know him here and now yes
when citing to pay him
compare that every three of these
salivando drooling bring nothing
try this way the sale
for your salsa so like that
flavor on discs is that that is cava and the
Pepper combinations are
best friends like batman and robin and
there
of guitar that are not
this side is not on this side
another the pretty one on this side
with that and now it looks with cheese
Parmesan
even more exquisite
Y
and nothing more
what is missing
the chilito as I said the tree
crushed sector for
and decoration by emotion
in Extremadura
well and ready ready we have finished
our delicious dish
Yes now
salsita let's get out of here
that's sauce like this is covered
all of us is like me more
like
they are listening until the rate is
craved until the craving
robert thank you very much for being in
sindelantal this is the best program
kitchen that there is in the world because what
everyone says the magazine says it
says everyone is talking about
sindelantal face of newspapers the
news this producer is that all the
world so but good
I'm going to thumb
critical critics my friend all the
world to see these birds
and so planets
even if he shares he also talks a lot
of us and come see to see
I just saw
I think this can not be that scenario
it's serious and now the digital light
the decoration is also eaten
again more I thank you for taking
that time to be with me in this
program thank you very much thank you
thank you, thank you, see you soon
in sindelantal that is the best program
of the world's cooking and I am